#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu113/torch_stable.html

absl-py==0.15.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2022.2.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
gast==0.3.3
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.32.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.11.1
    # via markdown
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
libclang==13.0.0
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==1.22.2
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqeval
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   torchmetrics
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydeprecate==0.3.1
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pytorch-lightning==1.5.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via seqeval
scipy==1.8.0
    # via scikit-learn
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.24.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
tf-estimator-nightly==2.8.0.dev2021122109
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
torch==1.10.2+cu113
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==0.7.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
